README.md, before:

# Financial Chat

Simple chat using NodeJS with [Socket.io](https://socket.io/), [Mongo](https://www.mongodb.com/), [Redis](https://redis.io/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/).

# Before you start

You need to start a MongoDB and RabbitMQ server. You can use a docker image:

```
$ docker run -it --name mongo --rm -p 27017:27017 mongo
$ docker run -it --name redis --rm -p 6379:6379 redis
$ docker run -it --name rabbitmq --rm -p 5672:5672 rabbitmq
```

The default values are:
- Mongo
-- *MONGO_URL*: mongodb://localhost:27017/
-- *MONGO_DB_NAME*: finchat
- RabbitMQ
-- *AMQP_SERVER*: localhost
-- *AMQP_QUEUE*: finchat-task
- Redis
-- *REDIS_SERVER*: localhost
-- *REDIS_PORT*: 6379
-- *REDIS_TTL*: 260

If you don't want to use the default values, just set the enviroment variable as you wish.

```
$ export ENVIRONMENT_VAR = your_value
```

For login, it uses *express-sessions* that uses a SECRET string for configuration. For production environments, it should use a private one:

```
$ export SECRET = your_secret_value
```

# Start server

First, get the repository and install the dependencies:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/klapen/financialchat.git
$ cd financialchat
$ cd backend
$ npm install
```

To start the server, follow the next commands:

```
$ cd backend
$ npm start
```

By default, the use port is **3000**. If you want another port, just set the enviroment variable *PORT*:

```
$ export PORT = XXXX
```

# How to use

ToDo

# Release note

- v0.0.1 Beta version

Commit message:

Populate users with seed information

README.md, after:

# Financial Chat

Simple chat using NodeJS with [Socket.io](https://socket.io/), [Mongo](https://www.mongodb.com/), [Redis](https://redis.io/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/).

# Before you start

You need to start a MongoDB and RabbitMQ server. You can use a docker image:

```
$ docker run -it --name mongo --rm -p 27017:27017 mongo
$ docker run -it --name redis --rm -p 6379:6379 redis
$ docker run -it --name rabbitmq --rm -p 5672:5672 rabbitmq
```

The default values are:
- Mongo
-- *MONGO_URL*: mongodb://localhost:27017/
-- *MONGO_DB_NAME*: finchat
- RabbitMQ
-- *AMQP_SERVER*: localhost
-- *AMQP_QUEUE*: finchat-task
- Redis
-- *REDIS_SERVER*: localhost
-- *REDIS_PORT*: 6379
-- *REDIS_TTL*: 260

If you don't want to use the default values, just set the enviroment variable as you wish.

```
$ export ENVIRONMENT_VAR = your_value
```

For login, it uses *express-sessions* that uses a SECRET string for configuration. For production environments, it should use a private one:

```
$ export SECRET = your_secret_value
```

For testing, you can populate the database with some seed users:

```
$ npm run initdb
```

# Start server

First, get the repository and install the dependencies:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/klapen/financialchat.git
$ cd financialchat
$ cd backend
$ npm install
```

To start the server, follow the next commands:

```
$ cd backend
$ npm start
```

By default, the use port is **3000**. If you want another port, just set the enviroment variable *PORT*:

```
$ export PORT = XXXX
```

# How to use

ToDo

# Release note

- v0.0.1 Beta version
